# CS-210
The purpose of this program is to take an input file containing a list of items and counting how many times each item occurs. The user will be prompted with a menu to choose from and the options will allow the user to 1. search for a specific item, 2. get a read out of all items on the list and the frequency at which they occur, 3. get a histogram showing the frequency of all items in the list, 4. the user will be able to exit the program. After the program finishes the counted list will be saved to the file 'frequency.dat'.

What did you do particularly well? Something I believe I did particularly well was the sectioning off of the program. I separated the program into separate sections to help maximize the readability of the code. Having the program sectioned off also helps keep the code maintainable becuase it makes it easier to track down problem sections of code. Any error messages should tell you in which file they occured. Each section of the program has a specific purpose and if the program needed to be expanded it would become easier because the program is laid out to where a user could easily find where each part of the added code needs to go.

Where could you enhance your code? How would these improvements make your code more efficient, secure, and so on?  I could enhance my code by adding a section to lower case the user's input so that no matter what capitalization they used when searching for an item the program would still find the item they were looking for. This would make the code more efficient and secure becuase user wouldn't need to keep entering the item they were searching for until theyfound the correct way to capitalize it.

Which pieces of the code did you find most challenging to write, and how did you overcome this? What tools or resources are you adding to your support network? The piece of code I struggled with the most was the efficient pairing of an item's frequency with its item. The way I overcame this was by searching for ways to pair strings and how often they occur in a file. This led me to forums like stack overflow and reddit, I then saw samples of code that I believed I would be able to modify and relate to my program. I took those samples of code and made sure I understood what each line was doing and then modified it to work in my program.

What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work? The skills from this project that will be transferable to future course work is the ability to search for blocks of code similar to what I need to accomplish, understanding how it operates, and being able to modify it to meet the needs of the program.
